until day 9 can be
no one after me pass on the part of militias and holiday tricolor nets
in january
the transplanted heart fan
who came from the county ready for everything after I was testing of all kinds of
all the ways
It is a question that I placed here with a certain heart that was filled with
joy with the head low and not only
Marquis of Santa Cruz
more than in the last harvest
earth - what the fans wanted
quito ecuador did not regret this ball lost by brazão
the heart was strong when it was ready and left everything the same
the result is still
these heroes
santiago did not relax
nor the cheer of the saint
I looked at the clock
that impatience
- said
that's all we know it can not be conservative
the flag of a fit of nerves
and if cska scored one more
to worsen
the fan had a bad news
the confidence won by 1 to 0 this can bid farewell to the series d still existed
to hold the tie
shivani of the whole called the defender luiz eduardo to enter the place of
family crest
but the attacker declined to leave
he stayed
she says that soon she fell to the floor with cramps
and was replaced by luiz eduardo clarified why not leave the
field to very group player
if they get out of there dive, learn something good because we'll keep working
right
You can imagine what there is then but it will stay better.
Paulo Caesar suffered a penalty.
then it is the heart of his jerónimo after relaxing
but many other tests and will come from the front what is used as bait is
dry
for the second phase of the series of people have to have the foot on the ground that does not
we conquered nothing
Let's work this crowd.
the club does not deserve to be going through the division
clear